More commonly when people think of tables, they may think of a table at a restaurant, or the dinner table. That is for many, any people the physical object known as a table is normally connected to eating. However for a person who works say in Manhattan, or the City district of London, or the Northern Quarter of Brussels, a table may refer to an object used by numerous people to sit down at and discuss business. But in either case we are talking about something of necessity physical in nature.
But let's suppose that more importantly, a table might alternatively refer to something nonphysical. In this regard let us designate what may be called the larger table of ideas. This table, which may abbreviated as LTI, for its part is never physical. To repeat, LTI or the larger table of ideas is a kind of realm or sphere of thought, constituted more fundamentally by by ideas. Now ideas may be those of society or personal ideas. Those ideas of society are larger, they extend themselves in society and beyond. But we may designate or abbreviate those larger ideas of society that say group together in time (those of an epoch) as Osoc -- objects of society that possess significance because people are always referring to them. So Osoc are larger ideas of society, at times in some rapid or reductionist way they are viewed as pictures, images, thoughts, concepts, or theoretical canvases.
On the personal level there are Opers. Here  Opers are pictures, images, thoughts, concepts, or theoretical canvases but ever on a personal level. So Osoc and Opers exist, they are real, they are objects. 
But we may also point out, that there are sets of objects that work together. Here let's suppose Parisians are constantly thinking about democracy and human rights (if it is favorable to them), about eating croissants and Croque Monsieurs, about why Muslims are obnoxious, undesirable, and unwelcome, about why a foreigner needs to understand and speak French quite well, about how Paris was once the cultural capital of the western world (but was upstaged at some point par les anglais et après les américains [...], but is still pretty important), that it is quite OK to be rude, a snob, or talk with impudence or disrespect  (hey -- we are Parisians!!), or its also OK to act like gloomy existentialist philosophers who go to cafes, drink coffee, and chain-smoke, and to their credit -- unlike say many small-worldish Latin Americans who can be quite backwards culturally and knowledge-wise -- are given to reading.

Well if the above is true or not true, let's suppose for a moment that a part of it is true but most importantly, it is an example of what I call Omat i.e. a matrix or nucleus of Osoc (social objects or concepts) that in fact define or constitute a society. Stated with other words, there are these Osoc or dominant themes in society. In the West people more commonly think about -- democracy, human rights, relationships, economic security and wealth, laws and legal battles, cancer and other diseases, getting a good education, artificial intelligence, and so on. Such a list or Omat must differ from the list or Omat that was characteristic of that of people of the medieval period. During the medieval period (in Europe) people thought about monks, pilgrimages, the Crusades, the mass, what the pope was saying, life in a medieval village, the lord of the medieval village, sin and penalties for nonconformity to the rules of the Church, and so on. In comparison then, the set of dominant themes or list or Omat (matrix of important ideas) of the medieval period was vastly different from the set of dominant themes or list or Omat that people sustain today. Of course if Jean-Philipe from Paris goes to China and lives there for awhile, the set of dominant themes or list or Omat that he finds will itself be quite different from what he experiences in Paris.
